java c Analytic Foundations for Information Problems IS 203 Fall 2024 Course Description Information can be defined as the opposite of entropy, meaning that Information is a characteristic of the physical universe that describes increasing order. As a property, Information can be described by mathematics. With that in mind, the purpose of this course is to train students how to think mathematically, as well as to introduce basic concepts used in analytics. We will begin with an exploration of propositional and predicate logic. Formal Logic was developed by Philosophers to pose arguments and was later used by scientists to develop hypotheses. In Computer Science, Logic is the foundation of digital computing. Students will develop an understanding of Logic as it is used in Philosophy, Information Sciences, and Computer Science. For students of Information Sciences, formal logic frames the way math is discussed. Essentially, the logic taught in this course is intended as a grammar that students will use to define, discuss, and manipulate mathematical concepts.Upon the foundation of Logic, we will build a working knowledge of topics from Discrete Math, including sets, functions, composition, probability, and graph theory. Infused into Discrete Math lessons will be an exploration of Statistics. At the end of this survey of topics, students will have gained a rudimentary understanding of the mathematical and logical descriptions of discrete forms of Information. The intent is to prepare students for more advanced work in other Information Science courses. Pre- and Co-requisites Prerequisite(s):  MATH 112 or Required ALEKS Score 3 Credit Hours This course satisfies the General Education requirement, Quantitative Reasoning II Course Materials

Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications, Kenneth Rosen, 8th ed., McGraw-Hill Available at bookstore.
A Concise Introduction to Logic, Craig DeLancey, 2017, Open SUNY. Available online for free
Statistics, Freedman, Pisani, Purves, 4th ed., WW Norton and Co. Available at bookstore other merchants. Student Learning Outcomes This course introduces students to tools used to describe, transform, and solve information problems. Upon successful completion of the course, students will: •   Understand the foundations of propositional and first order logic, including syntax, inference, and forms of derivation. •   Be able to understand mathematical subjects using logical symbols and operations. •   Be able to explain the definitions and relations of sets as they are applied to other math concepts. •   Be able to define and compose functions based on Information Science problems. •   Understand the fundamentals of probability. •   Be able to apply basic functions of graph theory. •   Be familiar with fundamental concepts of, and functions applied to, basic neural networks. •   Understand the definitions, requirements, and assumptions of statistical methods. •   Be able to perform. the calculations of statistical methods. •   Be able to conceptually explain statistical methods. Course Context This course meets several learning outcomes connected to program objectives for the BSIS program: •   Understand the history, theory, philosophy, and methodologies of the field of information sciences. •   Understand  fundamental mathematical  and programming tools  for solving problems of information modeling, expression, and transformation. •   Ensure that various upper-division elective pathways of the major share a common core of information sciences knowledge. And it contributes to larger iSchool and University of Illinois learning goals: •   Maintain global leadership in education for the information professions (iSchool Goal) •   Intellectual Reasoning and Knowledge (U. Illinois Campus-Wide Learning Goal) Course Structure Mini lecture videos – Short lecture videos are meant to be watched before attempting coursework based on the video. These videos explain fundamental principles, concepts, and solution processes. Classroom workshops – This course uses a flipped format, meaning students watch lecture videos before class and then work on related material in class. The material introduced in class will often be more advanced than what the lecture videos provide, but less advanced than what is on weekly exercise sets. Occasionally, classroom sessions will include expanded history lessons  on the topics introduced in the lecture videos. Classroom workshops are not optional. Students who choose not to attend class are unable to achieve an A in the course. Weekly exercise set – Exercise sets include conceptual and mathematic problems related to the topics covered the same week. Exercise sets are intended to be worked on daily while the material is fresh in a student’s mind. Exercise sets build upon the conceptual foundations learned in workshops and introduce more difficult problems. Solutions are provided to most problems. Completed exercise sets make good reference tools for comprehension assessments. Many students have experience with some portions of the course. The range of difficulty in the exercise sets allows students to gauge their own understanding and to determine how much work is required for a given topic. It is best to work through each section of an exercise set to test your knowledge and to develop new knowledge. An answer key is provided for self-assessment. Questions for which an answer is not provided are intended to inform. instructors of student comprehension. For instructors to gauge student understanding, a subset of problems must be submitted on Canvas. The professor will contact students who have difficulty with submitted problems to offer learning support. Warning about familiarity with course material: Most students think they are familiar with formal logic but have never actually proven logical theorems by derivation. This is the most fundamental and difficult portion of the course and requires all course work to be completed. Comprehension Assessment – Every two weeks there will be a comprehension assessment at the end of the exercise set. Comprehension assessments are like exercise sets but do not include solutions. Each assessment will require varying levels of creative thinking, critical thinking, and knowledge of course material. Problems in the comprehension assessment tend to be more complex than those in exercise sets and are designed to determine how much students have learned about specific topics and methods. Each comprehen代 写IS 203 Analytic Foundations for Information Problems Fall 2024Matlab 代做程序编程语言sion assessment is worth 100 points and will include 2-4 points of extra credit. Recommended Use of TextsIt will be important to use textbooks for this course. Students who avoid using the textbooks tend to perform. poorly. In this course, it is important to only use material provided by the professor to complete work. Students who look up information online typically find material loosely related to what is being taught that only confuses them and results in incorrect answers on comprehension assessments. A Concise Introduction to Logic: The first third of the course is based on this text. Some problems in exercise sets are taken from this text and some are not. The text should be seen as a guide to using derivations to prove logical theorems. Students find this portion of the course extremely difficult, so it strongly recommended that students read the text in addition to watching video lectures and completing in-class activities. Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications: This text establishes the forms of notation used in the course. At the start of each week, an exercise set will be assigned that includes problems related to material covered during the week. The exercise sets are intended to be completed as students read the text. Problems in the exercise set are not taken from this text, but the text can be used to solve most problems. Statistics – The text was chosen because it is written with a focus on conceptual understanding of statistical methods. The connection between conceptual and mathematical perspectives will be made in class. Weekly exercise sets will include problems that are in the text and that can be solved by following guidance in the text. Sometimes students will be asked to work through the text without lecture guidance to improve critical reading and thinking skills. Assignments and Grading Methods Course grades are assigned using contract grading. The syllabus is a contract between the Professor and the students. The letter grade assigned at the end of the semester is based on a minimum being met in three areas: exercise sets, comprehension assessments, and attendance. Specific minimums for each grade are included in the “grading scale” section of the syllabus. • Weekly Exercise Sets: Exercise sets are released one week before the topics are covered in class and must be submitted on Sunday after the topics are covered (see course schedule). There is a built-in grace period that allows students to submit exercise sets by Wednesday evening without penalty. Even though there is a grace period, it is important to submit exercise sets on time, as it is very easy to fall behind. Students receive 10 points for attempting all exercises. For each problem that is not attempted, 1 point is  deducted. Exercise Sets received up to one week after the initial deadline will receive 50% of the points of problems attempted. Exercise sets received more than one week after the due date receive no points. • Comprehension Assessments: Comprehension assessments are attached to exercise sets and are due when the exercise set is due. Each comprehension assessment is worth 100 points. Points are awarded per section in the following manner: o If a section has multiple questions, points are deducted for each improperly answered question. The grading rubric for each problem is included on the comprehension assessment grading page and can be accessed before the comprehension assessment is due. Grading is based on process rather than on providing a correct solution. Generally, if incorrect answers and procedures are provided for more than half the questions in a section, 50% credit will be awarded for the section, so long as an attempt is made to answer all questions. If no attempt is made on some of the questions, the 50% will be applied to the partial credit for the questions that were attempted. o If a section is not attempted, or if all calculations are not shown, 0% credit will be awarded for the section. All assessments submitted up to one week after the initial deadline, will receive a 50% point deduction. Submissions received more than one week after the due date receive no points. • Attendance: Attendance is required for the course. It seems that students are ill for about two weeks each Semester. For this reason, the minimum attendance requirement is 13 of 15 weeks. For questions about attendance, please see the attendance policy. Late Assignment Policy Some students require a late submission accommodation. To ensure equity, this accommodation is given to all students. Exercise sets and comprehension assessments are due on Sundays. An additional three days are added to create an extended deadline. During the extended deadline, there is no penalty for late submission. Assignments submitted up to one week after the first submission date will receive 50% credit. Assignments submitted more than one week after the first deadline will receive 0% credit. Course Schedule The course schedule is included on the IS 203 home page in Canvas. Please be aware the schedule might be altered to meet various needs throughout the Semester. Grading Scale To attain a specific letter grade, the following minimums must be met in the three categories of assessment. Grading CategoryLetter GradeExercise SetsComprehension AssessmentAttendance A+Significantly exceed all minimums for an A. Typically, an A+ is reserved forstudents who accomplish far more than their peers. A100% cumulative grade90% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 2 full weeks of class A-100% cumulative grade85% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 2 full weeks of class B+90% cumulative grade85% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 3 full weeks of class B90% cumulative grade80% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 3 full weeks of class B-90% cumulative grade75% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 4 full weeks of class C+80% cumulative grade75% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 4 full weeks of class C80% cumulative grade70% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 4 full weeks of class C-80% cumulative grade65% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 5 full weeks of class D+70% cumulative grade65% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 5 full weeks of class D70% cumulative grade60% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 5 full weeks of class D-60% cumulative grade55% cumulative gradeAbsent no more than 5 full weeks of class F<60% cumulative grade<55% cumulative gradeAbsent more than 5 full weeks of class

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
